Switchable Table Nutating Rotary (tnr) Sim config

xyzbc-tnr (switchable kinematics)

XYZ - linear cartesian
  B - table nutating or table tilt
  C - table rotary

The kinematic component includes the following modes:

IDENTITY: Trivial kinematics with a one-to-one mapping of joints to axes
     TCP: Coordinated xyz motion with rotation around the tool center point for all joint rotations
     TWP: Coordinated xyz motion in the current tool coordinate system as set through the included TWP remap. See the README in the base directory for more information about the Tilted Work Plane feature.

Demonstrations:

For a demonstration the user can run the preloaded demo gcode with the default offsets.

In the right hand panel of the axis gui sliders are provided to

- change the geometrical offsets of the rotary-assembly.The offsets are visibly adjusted in the vismach simulation and represented by individual indicators.
- change the nutation angle of the primary table rotary.
- change the table angle to change the table orientation between a BC and an AC configuration.
- see the effects of misconfiguring the (x,y,z)-rot-point values used in the kinematics. These values represent the
  physical position of the rotary-assembly in the machine as measured from the machine home position to the face center
  of the rotary C table. The rotation-point is identical to the intersection of the two rotational axes B and C when the (x,z)-offsets
  are zero. When (x,z)-offsets are applied the rotation-point stays on the rotational B axis. The 'rot-point' as set by
  these values as well as the true rotation-point of the rotary-assembly are indicated in the vismach simulation by a yellow cross
  and a yellow sphere respectively.

Both the kinematic and the twp remap support variable nutation angles of the primary rotary joint (ie A or B ) form 0° to 90°.
Hence this config will also work for the 'usual' orthogonal 'table-rotary-tilt' type machines by setting the nutation angle to 90°.


NOTE:
For proper tool-path preview RELOAD THE CGODE after startup and after changing offset values.

