Switchable Table Nutating Rotary (tnr) Sim config

xyzbc-tnr (switchable kinematics)


Demonstrations:

For a demonstration of XYZBC_TCP kinematics the user can run the preloaded demo gcode with the default offsets.

In the right hand panel of the axis gui sliders are provided to

- change the geometrical (x,z)-offsets as measured from the face center of the rotary C table to the rotation-point of the B/C.
  rotary-assembly. The offsets are visibly adjusted in the vismach simulation and represented by a red indicator
  for the x-offset and a blue indicator for the z-offset.

- change the nutation angle of the primary rotary B.

- change the table angle to change the table orientation between a BC and an AC configuration.

- see the effects of misconfiguring the (x,y,z)-rot-point values used in the kinematics. These values represent the
  physical position of the rotary-assembly in the machine as measured from the machine home position to the face center
  of the rotary C table. The rotation-point is identical to the intersection of the two rotational axes B and C when the (x,z)-offsets
  are zero. When (x,z)-offsets are applied the rotation-point stays on the rotational B axis. The 'rot-point' as set by
  these values as well as the true rotation-point of the rotary-assembly are indicated in the vismach simulation by a yellow cross
  and a yellow sphere respectively.

NOTE:
For proper tool-path preview RELOAD THE CGODE after startup and after changing offset values.


This simulation also includes a python remap of Gcodes for tilted workplane (TWP) functionality.
Both the kinematic and the twp remap support nutation of the primary rotary joint (ie A or B ) form 0 to 90°.
Hence this also works for the 'usual' orthogonal spindle rotary-tilt type machines by setting the nutation angle to 90°.

Implemented TWP functionality:
G68.2 : defines twp using euler-angles, pitch-roll-yaw, 2-vectors, 3 points, optionally with offset in XYZ and rotation in XY
G68.3 : defines twp from current tool orientation, optionally with offset in XYZ and rotation in XY
G68.4 : same as G68.2 but as an incremental definition from an active TWP plane
G69 : cancels the current twp (resets all parameters, moves to G54 and sets Identity kinematics)
G53.1 (P) : spindle orientation without tcp, switches to G59 and activates tool kinematics
G53.3 (P XYZ) : same as G53.1 but with simultaneous move the the XYZ coords on the twp plane
G53.6 (P) : same as G53.1 but spindle orientation with tcp

- Table is B (A) primary, C secondary. Table primary orientation can be adjusted using the 'table-angle' value.
- All G53.x commands will respect axis limits as set in the ini file for the respective primary and secondary table joints.
- The P word sets the orientation strategy: 0(default)=shortest distance,
                                            1=positive rotation only,
                                            2=negative rotation only
                                            (this applies to the prioritized rotary, the other rotary moves the shortest distance)
- The prioritized rotary can be set using the [TWP]PRIORITY value (1 or 2) in the ini file.

Full Documentation can be found at:
https://github.com/Sigma1912/LinuxCNC_Demo_Configs/tree/main/table-nutating-rotary/Documentation
