Switchable Spindle Nutating, Table Rotary (SNTR) Sim config

xyzbc-sntr (switchable kinematics)


Demonstrations:

For a demonstration of XYZBC_TCP kinematics the user can run the preloaded demo gcode with the default offsets.

In the right hand panel of the axis gui sliders are provided to

- change the geometrical y-pivot and z-pivot length of the nutating spindle.
  The offsets are visibly adjusted in the vismach simulation and represented by a green indicator
  for the y-pivot and a blue indicator for the z-pivot.

- see the effects of misconfiguring the (x,y)-rot-axis values used in the kinematics. These values represent the
  physical position of the table rotary-axis in the machine as measured from the machine home position to the face center
  of the rotary C table. The true rotation-axis of the model is indicated in the vismach simulation by a yellow line.

NOTE:
For proper tool-path preview RELOAD THE CGODE after startup and after changing offset values.


This simulation also includes a python remap of Gcodes for tilted workplane (TWP) functionality.

Implemented TWP functionality:
G68.2 : defines twp using euler-angles, pitch-roll-yaw, 2-vectors, 3 points, optionally with offset in XYZ and rotation in XY
G68.3 : defines twp from current tool orientation, optionally with offset in XYZ and rotation in XY
G68.4 : same as G68.2 but as an incremental definition from an active TWP plane
G69 : cancels the current twp (resets all parameters, moves to G54 and sets Identity kinematics)
G53.1 (P) : spindle orientation without tcp, switches to G59 and activates tool kinematics
G53.3 (P XYZ) : same as G53.1 but with simultaneous move the the XYZ coords on the twp plane
G53.6 (P) : same as G53.1 but spindle orientation with tcp

- All G53.x commands will respect axis limits as set in the ini file for the table and spindle rotation joints.
- The P word sets the orientation strategy: 0(default)=shortest distance,
                                            1=positive rotation only,
                                            2=negative rotation only
                                            (this applies to the prioritized rotary, the other rotary moves the shortest distance)
- The prioritized rotary can be set using the [TWP]PRIORITY value (1 or 2) in the ini file.
